Update Chrome incompatibilities page for `browser` namespace support (#44959)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/chrome_incompatibilities/index.md

- Support for WebExtension APIs differs across browsers. See [Browser support for JavaScript APIs](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Browser_support_for_JavaScript_APIs) for details.
- Support for `manifest.json` keys differs across browsers. See the ["Browser compatibility" section](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json#browser_compatibility) on the [`manifest.json`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json) page for more details.

> - Extension API namespace:

Reviewer: Instead of deleting it entirely, let's add a brief note stating that support for `browser` namespace and promises are NOT a source of incompatibility any more, with a pointer to the historical section.

Extensions that rely on the `toJSON()` method of the JSON serialization algorithm can use {{jsxref("JSON.stringify()")}} followed by {{jsxref("JSON.parse()")}} to ensure that a message can be exchanged because a parsed JSON value is always structurally cloneable.

## Historical differences

### chrome.\* and browser.\* namespace

Prior to Chrome 148, Chrome only exposed APIs on the `chrome` namespace instead of `browser`. For example, `browser.browserAction.setIcon({ path: "path/to/icon.png" });` would instead be `chrome.browserAction.setIcon({ path: "path/to/icon.png" });`.

For extensions that use the `devtools_page` manifest key, Chrome support for the `browser` namespace and promises was introduced in Chrome 152.

Additionally, Chrome support for Promise-based return values from APIs was introduced starting in Manifest V3, with some APIs being supported later. Before, a call like `browser.cookies.set({ url: "https://developer.mozilla.org/" }).then(logCookie);` would instead use a callback like `browser.cookies.set({ url: "https://developer.mozilla.org/" }, logCookie);`.

> If you are targetting older browser versions, Firefox provides a polyfill that provides the `browser` namespace and promise support: <https://github.com/mozilla/webextension-polyfill>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before Chrome 148, Chrome exposed APIs only under the `chrome` namespace rather than `browser`. For example, `browser.browserAction.setIcon({ path: "path/to/icon.png" });` would instead be `chrome.browserAction.setIcon({ path: "path/to/icon.png" });`.

Chrome introduced support for promise-based return values from APIs in Manifest V3, with some APIs supported later. Before the introduction of promises, a call such as `browser.cookies.set({ url: "https://developer.mozilla.org/" }).then(logCookie);` would use a callback like this: `browser.cookies.set({ url: "https://developer.mozilla.org/" }, logCookie);`.

For extensions that use the `devtools_page` manifest key, Chrome support for the `browser` namespace and promises was introduced in Chrome 152.

If you're targeting older Chrome browser versions, Firefox offers a polyfill that provides the `browser` namespace and promise support: <https://github.com/mozilla/webextension-polyfill>.
```
